README.md, before:

# xvideos-dl

<div align="center">

[![Build status](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/workflows/build/badge.svg?branch=master&event=push)](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/actions?query=workflow%3Abuild)
[![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/xvideos-dl.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/xvideos-dl/)
[![Dependencies Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/dependencies-up%20to%20date-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Apr%20author%3Aapp%2Fdependabot)

[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![Security: bandit](https://img.shields.io/badge/security-bandit-green.svg)](https://github.com/PyCQA/bandit)
[![Pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/blob/master/.pre-commit-config.yaml)
[![Semantic Versions](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic%20versions-informational.svg)](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/releases)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/lonsty/xvideos-dl)](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/blob/master/LICENSE)

CLI to download videos from https://xvideos.com

</div>

<div align="center"><a href="https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/blob/master/README_CN.md">中文文档</a></div>

## Features

- [X] Download a single video (requires the URL of the video playback page)
- [X] Download all videos in the favorites (requires the URL of the favorite page)
- [X] Download all videos uploaded by the user (requires the URL of the user's homepage)
- [X] Download all videos published by the channel (requires the URL of the channel homepage)
- [X] Segmented high-speed download, breakpoint download, progress and status display

## Usage

⚠️**Requires:**

- `Python`: >= 3.6.1
- `Cookie`: When you run it for the first time, you will be prompted to enter the cookie, log in https://xvideos.com with your account, copy and paste a long string of cookies, then enjoy it.

Cookie is stored in *~/.xvideos/cookie* (or *C:\Users\<USER>\cookie*).

- Install xvideos-dl

```bash
pip install -U xvideos-dl
```

- Get CLI help

```bash
xvideos-dl --help
```

- Download single / favorites / uploaded / published videos in one command:

```bash
xvideos-dl https://www.xvideos.com/video37177493/asian_webcam_2_camsex4u.life https://www.xvideos.com/favorite/71879935/_ https://www.xvideos.com/profiles/mypornstation https://www.xvideos.com/channels/av69tv  
```

## Release History

### 1.2.0

- Support for Python 3.6.1+

### 1.1.2

Bugfix:

- Fixed a bug that would not retry when the network connection failed.

### 1.1.1

New Feature:

- Add parameters to control the start and end of the video in the download list.

Others:

- When running the same command repeatedly, quickly skip the downloaded video.
- Catch exceptions: 404 not found, forbidden downloading...

### 1.1.0

New Features:

- Download all videos uploaded by users.
- Download all videos posted by the channel.
- Download single, playlist, user uploaded and channel posted videos in one command.
- Optimize download status display.

### 1.0.1

New Features:

- Download videos from favorites.
- Show download speed.

### 1.0.0

Initial release on PyPY.

<hr>

## For Contributors

### Initial

1. Fork and clone this repo:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl
```

2. If you don't have `Poetry` installed run:

```bash
make download-poetry
```

3. Initialize poetry and install `pre-commit` hooks:

```bash
make install
```

### Makefile usage

[`Makefile`](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/blob/master/Makefile) contains many functions for fast assembling and convenient work.

<details>
<summary>1. Download Poetry</summary>
<p>

```bash
make download-poetry
```

</p>
</details>

<details>
<summary>2. Install all dependencies and pre-commit hooks</summary>
<p>

```bash
make install
```

If you do not want to install pre-commit hooks, run the command with the NO_PRE_COMMIT flag:

```bash
make install NO_PRE_COMMIT=1
```

</p>
</details>

<details>
<summary>3. Check the security of your code</summary>
<p>

```bash
make check-safety
```

This command launches a `Poetry` and `Pip` integrity check as well as identifies security issues with `Safety` and `Bandit`. By default, the build will not crash if any of the items fail. But you can set `STRICT=1` for the entire build, or you can configure strictness for each item separately.

```bash
make check-safety STRICT=1
```

or only for `safety`:

```bash
make check-safety SAFETY_STRICT=1
```

multiple

```bash
make check-safety PIP_STRICT=1 SAFETY_STRICT=1
```

> List of flags for `check-safety` (can be set to `1` or `0`): `STRICT`, `POETRY_STRICT`, `PIP_STRICT`, `SAFETY_STRICT`, `BANDIT_STRICT`.

</p>
</details>

<details>
<summary>4. Check the codestyle</summary>
<p>

The command is similar to `check-safety` but to check the code style, obviously. It uses `Black`, `Darglint`, `Isort`, and `Mypy` inside.

```bash
make check-style
```

It may also contain the `STRICT` flag.

```bash
make check-style STRICT=1
```

> List of flags for `check-style` (can be set to `1` or `0`): `STRICT`, `BLACK_STRICT`, `DARGLINT_STRICT`, `ISORT_STRICT`, `MYPY_STRICT`.

</p>
</details>

<details>
<summary>5. Run all the codestyle formaters</summary>
<p>

Codestyle uses `pre-commit` hooks, so ensure you've run `make install` before.

```bash
make codestyle
```

</p>
</details>

<details>
<summary>6. Run tests</summary>
<p>

```bash
make test
```

</p>
</details>

<details>
<summary>7. Run all the linters</summary>
<p>

```bash
make lint
```

the same as:

```bash
make test && make check-safety && make check-style
```

> List of flags for `lint` (can be set to `1` or `0`): `STRICT`, `POETRY_STRICT`, `PIP_STRICT`, `SAFETY_STRICT`, `BANDIT_STRICT`, `BLACK_STRICT`, `DARGLINT_STRICT`, `ISORT_STRICT`, `MYPY_STRICT`.

</p>
</details>

<details>
<summary>8. Build docker</summary>
<p>

```bash
make docker
```

which is equivalent to:

```bash
make docker VERSION=latest
```

More information [here](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/tree/master/docker).

</p>
</details>

<details>
<summary>9. Cleanup docker</summary>
<p>

```bash
make clean_docker
```

or to remove all build

```bash
make clean
```

More information [here](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/tree/master/docker).

</p>
</details>

## 📈 Releases

You can see the list of available releases on the [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/releases) page.

We follow [Semantic Versions](https://semver.org/) specification.

We use [`Release Drafter`](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/release-drafter). As pull requests are merged, a draft release is kept up-to-date listing the changes, ready to publish when you’re ready. With the categories option, you can categorize pull requests in release notes using labels.

For Pull Request this labels are configured, by default:

|               **Label**               |  **Title in Releases**  |
| :-----------------------------------: | :---------------------: |
|       `enhancement`, `feature`        |       🚀 Features       |
| `bug`, `refactoring`, `bugfix`, `fix` | 🔧 Fixes & Refactoring  |
|       `build`, `ci`, `testing`        | 📦 Build System & CI/CD |
|              `breaking`               |   💥 Breaking Changes   |
|            `documentation`            |    📝 Documentation     |
|            `dependencies`             | ⬆️ Dependencies updates |

You can update it in [`release-drafter.yml`](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/blob/master/.github/release-drafter.yml).

GitHub creates the `bug`, `enhancement`, and `documentation` labels for you. Dependabot creates the `dependencies` label. Create the remaining labels on the Issues tab of your GitHub repository, when you need them.

## 🛡 License

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/lonsty/xvideos-dl)](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/blob/master/LICENSE)

This project is licensed under the terms of the `MIT` license. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/blob/master/LICENSE) for more details.

## 📃 Citation

```
@misc{xvideos-dl,
  author = {xvideos-dl},
  title = {CLI to download videos from https://xvideos.com},
  year = {2021},
  publisher = {GitHub},
  journal = {GitHub repository},
  howpublished = {\url{https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl}}
}
```

## Credits

This project was generated with [`python-package-template`](https://github.com/TezRomacH/python-package-template).

Commit message:

:sparkles: download highest quality videos

README.md, after:

# xvideos-dl

<div align="center">

[![Build status](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/workflows/build/badge.svg?branch=master&event=push)](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/actions?query=workflow%3Abuild)
[![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/xvideos-dl.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/xvideos-dl/)
[![Dependencies Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/dependencies-up%20to%20date-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Apr%20author%3Aapp%2Fdependabot)

[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![Security: bandit](https://img.shields.io/badge/security-bandit-green.svg)](https://github.com/PyCQA/bandit)
[![Pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/blob/master/.pre-commit-config.yaml)
[![Semantic Versions](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic%20versions-informational.svg)](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/releases)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/lonsty/xvideos-dl)](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/blob/master/LICENSE)

CLI to download videos from https://xvideos.com

</div>

<div align="center"><a href="https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/blob/master/README_CN.md">中文文档</a></div>

## Features

- [X] Download a single video (requires the URL of the video playback page)
- [X] Download all videos in the favorites (requires the URL of the favorite page)
- [X] Download all videos uploaded by the user (requires the URL of the user's homepage)
- [X] Download all videos published by the channel (requires the URL of the channel homepage)
- [X] Segmented high-speed download, breakpoint download, progress and status display

## Usage

⚠️**Requires:**

- `Python`: >= 3.6.1
- `Cookie`: When you run it for the first time, you will be prompted to enter the cookie, log in https://xvideos.com with your account, copy and paste a long string of cookies, then enjoy it.

Cookie is stored in *~/.xvideos/cookie* (or *C:\Users\<USER>\cookie*).

- Install xvideos-dl

```bash
pip install -U xvideos-dl
```

- Get CLI help

```bash
xvideos-dl --help
```

- Download single / favorites / uploaded / published videos in one command:

```bash
xvideos-dl https://www.xvideos.com/video37177493/asian_webcam_2_camsex4u.life https://www.xvideos.com/favorite/71879935/_ https://www.xvideos.com/profiles/mypornstation https://www.xvideos.com/channels/av69tv  
```

## Release History

### 1.3.0

- Added support for downloading higher quality videos. 

  CLI will download the highest quality video by default, which may be 1080p or higher, depending on the videos provided by XVIDEOS.
  So the download speed will be slower, if you want to be faster, you can use `-q low` or `-q middle`.

### 1.2.0

- Support for Python 3.6.1+

### 1.1.2

Bugfix:

- Fixed a bug that would not retry when the network connection failed.

### 1.1.1

New Feature:

- Add parameters to control the start and end of the video in the download list.

Others:

- When running the same command repeatedly, quickly skip the downloaded video.
- Catch exceptions: 404 not found, forbidden downloading...

### 1.1.0

New Features:

- Download all videos uploaded by users.
- Download all videos posted by the channel.
- Download single, playlist, user uploaded and channel posted videos in one command.
- Optimize download status display.

### 1.0.1

New Features:

- Download videos from favorites.
- Show download speed.

### 1.0.0

Initial release on PyPY.

<hr>

## For Contributors

### Initial

1. Fork and clone this repo:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl
```

2. If you don't have `Poetry` installed run:

```bash
make download-poetry
```

3. Initialize poetry and install `pre-commit` hooks:

```bash
make install
```

### Makefile usage

[`Makefile`](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/blob/master/Makefile) contains many functions for fast assembling and convenient work.

<details>
<summary>1. Download Poetry</summary>
<p>

```bash
make download-poetry
```

</p>
</details>

<details>
<summary>2. Install all dependencies and pre-commit hooks</summary>
<p>

```bash
make install
```

If you do not want to install pre-commit hooks, run the command with the NO_PRE_COMMIT flag:

```bash
make install NO_PRE_COMMIT=1
```

</p>
</details>

<details>
<summary>3. Check the security of your code</summary>
<p>

```bash
make check-safety
```

This command launches a `Poetry` and `Pip` integrity check as well as identifies security issues with `Safety` and `Bandit`. By default, the build will not crash if any of the items fail. But you can set `STRICT=1` for the entire build, or you can configure strictness for each item separately.

```bash
make check-safety STRICT=1
```

or only for `safety`:

```bash
make check-safety SAFETY_STRICT=1
```

multiple

```bash
make check-safety PIP_STRICT=1 SAFETY_STRICT=1
```

> List of flags for `check-safety` (can be set to `1` or `0`): `STRICT`, `POETRY_STRICT`, `PIP_STRICT`, `SAFETY_STRICT`, `BANDIT_STRICT`.

</p>
</details>

<details>
<summary>4. Check the codestyle</summary>
<p>

The command is similar to `check-safety` but to check the code style, obviously. It uses `Black`, `Darglint`, `Isort`, and `Mypy` inside.

```bash
make check-style
```

It may also contain the `STRICT` flag.

```bash
make check-style STRICT=1
```

> List of flags for `check-style` (can be set to `1` or `0`): `STRICT`, `BLACK_STRICT`, `DARGLINT_STRICT`, `ISORT_STRICT`, `MYPY_STRICT`.

</p>
</details>

<details>
<summary>5. Run all the codestyle formaters</summary>
<p>

Codestyle uses `pre-commit` hooks, so ensure you've run `make install` before.

```bash
make codestyle
```

</p>
</details>

<details>
<summary>6. Run tests</summary>
<p>

```bash
make test
```

</p>
</details>

<details>
<summary>7. Run all the linters</summary>
<p>

```bash
make lint
```

the same as:

```bash
make test && make check-safety && make check-style
```

> List of flags for `lint` (can be set to `1` or `0`): `STRICT`, `POETRY_STRICT`, `PIP_STRICT`, `SAFETY_STRICT`, `BANDIT_STRICT`, `BLACK_STRICT`, `DARGLINT_STRICT`, `ISORT_STRICT`, `MYPY_STRICT`.

</p>
</details>

<details>
<summary>8. Build docker</summary>
<p>

```bash
make docker
```

which is equivalent to:

```bash
make docker VERSION=latest
```

More information [here](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/tree/master/docker).

</p>
</details>

<details>
<summary>9. Cleanup docker</summary>
<p>

```bash
make clean_docker
```

or to remove all build

```bash
make clean
```

More information [here](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/tree/master/docker).

</p>
</details>

## 📈 Releases

You can see the list of available releases on the [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/releases) page.

We follow [Semantic Versions](https://semver.org/) specification.

We use [`Release Drafter`](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/release-drafter). As pull requests are merged, a draft release is kept up-to-date listing the changes, ready to publish when you’re ready. With the categories option, you can categorize pull requests in release notes using labels.

For Pull Request this labels are configured, by default:

|               **Label**               |  **Title in Releases**  |
| :-----------------------------------: | :---------------------: |
|       `enhancement`, `feature`        |       🚀 Features       |
| `bug`, `refactoring`, `bugfix`, `fix` | 🔧 Fixes & Refactoring  |
|       `build`, `ci`, `testing`        | 📦 Build System & CI/CD |
|              `breaking`               |   💥 Breaking Changes   |
|            `documentation`            |    📝 Documentation     |
|            `dependencies`             | ⬆️ Dependencies updates |

You can update it in [`release-drafter.yml`](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/blob/master/.github/release-drafter.yml).

GitHub creates the `bug`, `enhancement`, and `documentation` labels for you. Dependabot creates the `dependencies` label. Create the remaining labels on the Issues tab of your GitHub repository, when you need them.

## 🛡 License

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/lonsty/xvideos-dl)](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/blob/master/LICENSE)

This project is licensed under the terms of the `MIT` license. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl/blob/master/LICENSE) for more details.

## 📃 Citation

```
@misc{xvideos-dl,
  author = {xvideos-dl},
  title = {CLI to download videos from https://xvideos.com},
  year = {2021},
  publisher = {GitHub},
  journal = {GitHub repository},
  howpublished = {\url{https://github.com/lonsty/xvideos-dl}}
}
```

## Credits

This project was generated with [`python-package-template`](https://github.com/TezRomacH/python-package-template).
